Content script clarifications (#16579)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/content_scripts/index.md

Content scripts get the same cross-domain privileges as the rest of the extension: so if the extension has requested cross-domain access for a domain using the [`permissions`](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/permissions) key in `manifest.json`, then its content scripts get access that domain as well.

> > **Note:** From Firefox 101, content scripts can perform cross-origin requests when the destination server opts in using [CORS](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS); however, host permissions don't work in content scripts, but they still do in regular extension pages.

Reviewer: This change is tied to MV3, not a Firefox version.

Author: Updated

> > **Note:** From Firefox 101, content scripts can perform cross-origin requests when the destination server opts in using [CORS](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS); however, host permissions don't work in content scripts, but they still do in regular extension pages.

Author: ```suggestion
> **Note:** When using Manifest V3, content scripts can perform cross-origin requests when the destination server opts in using [CORS](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS); however, host permissions don't work in content scripts, but they still do in regular extension pages.
```

>
> This is not possible in Manifest V3, as `content.XMLHttpRequest` and `content.fetch()` are not available.

> > **Note:** In Chrome, starting with version 73, and Firefox, starting with version 101 when using Manifest V3, content scripts are subject to the same [CORS](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS) policy as the page they are running within. Only backend scripts have elevated cross-domain privileges. See [Changes to Cross-Origin Requests in Chrome Extension Content Scripts](https://www.chromium.org/Home/chromium-security/extension-content-script-fetches).   

Author: ```suggestion
> **Note:** In Chrome, starting with version 73, and Firefox, starting with version 101 when using Manifest V3, content scripts are subject to the same [CORS](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS) policy as the page they are running within. Only backend scripts have elevated cross-domain privileges. See [Changes to Cross-Origin Requests in Chrome Extension Content Scripts](https://www.chromium.org/Home/chromium-security/extension-content-script-fetches). 
```
